welcome to the man of recaps this is
daredevil season three
if you remember the end of the defenders
matt was making out with elektra ready
to die together as the cave collapsed on
him he did miraculously survive though
there's no sign of electra and he's
nursed back to health at his favorite
place the catholic church
in fact it's the orphanage where he grew
up and he's been taken care of by sister
maggie the same nun who raised him as a
kid after his dad's death eventually
matt overhears her secret she wasn't
just the orphanage mom she was literally
matt's biological mother
so he has to deal with that for now
though matt's not going home he's living
here in the basement of the church he's
in kind of a bad head space he wants to
give up on his real life as matt murdock
could just be daredevil full-time i'd
rather die as the devil and live his man
murdoch of course this is very
inconsiderate to his best friends foggy
and karen who have been paying his rent
just in case he comes back but now
in prison it's daredevil's archenemy
wilson fisk when he was arrested at the
end of season one he sent his girlfriend
vanessa out of the country the feds want
to charge her as an accessory so she
can't come back to the country so fisk
sits down with fbi agent ray nadim he's
ready to make a deal he gives them info
on the albanian gang gets them all
arrested and it's a big win for the fbi
but as we all know in prison snitches
get stitches and fisk
gets shanked for his own protection the
fbi moves him to house arrest in what is
a really nice penthouse apartment but
he's still a prisoner pretty soon though
because of his continued cooperation
he's allowed certain creature comforts
and yeah he's wearing his fancy white
suits again
he is still a prisoner though the fbi
are watching his every move except in
his closet where he has a secret passage
that leads down to a super villain man
cave yeah he's been one step ahead of
him this whole time fisk being out of
prison really upsets foggy nelson and
the current da's not doing anything
about it so foggy runs for da himself
and karen page now a big time reporter
makes it her top priority to get fisk
put away too
matt two puts on his season one black
outfit tries to sneak into physics
department but being guarded by the fbi
it's pretty difficult instead he goes to
the prison to try to talk to the
albanians but something's not right here
he gets a call from fisk
yes biscay's lawyer matt murdock for
getting him arrested in season one and
he's hired everyone in the prison to try
to kill him but he didn't know that matt
murdock is secretly his other arch
nemesis daredevil who really shines in
awesome one take hallway fights yeah
eventually matt meets up with the
albanians who reveal a big secret they
didn't try to shank fisk fisk had
himself shanked to trick the fbi into
giving him house arrest the one take
hallway fight is still going it's turned
into an epic prison riot but finally
matt makes it back to his cab but the
cab driver was also in on it and drives
him into the river
luckily matt still survives now when
fisk was first being moved out of prison
the albanians did attack
his convoy but this one fbi agent was an
incredible shot he took down all these
guys some with throwing knives
he is special agent ben poindexter who
goes by dex after seeing his kills bisk
takes a personal interest index he seems
like a nice normal guy if a little ocd
but fisk checks his records and since he
was a kid he's had superhuman throwing
skills and has been a psychopath who
enjoyed killing his therapist helped him
like yodex you need to trust someone
else as your moral compass and he
thought he had that in the army now the
fbi but wilson fisk has a magnetic
charismatic presence he starts
manipulating him dex has a crush on this
girl julie
that he's stalking fisk manipulates it
so they meet in person and long story
short things are going well until he has
her killed from her phone he sends a
text i never want to see you again and
blocks him this sends dex off the deep
end and right into fisk's arms
meanwhile matt finally lets his friends
know that he's alive he needs their help
to track down the guy that shanked fisk
they're gonna have him confess write a
big article about it and expose fisk but
the lights go out this cat decks go on a
murder rampage at the bulletin
while wearing the daredevil costume to
discredit him and so it's a double
daredevil fight matt in his old school
black outfit he's the better boxer but
dex has incredible throwing skills he
can turn anything in this office into a
deadly weapon they never call him
bullseye this season but
he's bullseye in the end of decks
defeats matt and kills the informant now
they have no proof against fisk so matt
pays a visit to agent reynadeem like hey
i'm the real daredevil
i'm a good guy and fisk is playing you
the deem suspects fake daredevil might
be dex and when dex shoots at him that
pretty much confirms it he gives the bad
news to his boss that dex is flipped and
fisk has been playing the fbi this whole
time but she's like yeah i know fisk
controls most of us already through
bribes black miller threats
congrats ray now he's got you too if you
don't play ball physical kill your
family
yes instead of recruiting a gang frisk
has turned the fbi into his personal hit
squad he has them round up all the other
crime bosses in the city like what's up
guys you work for me now
around this time karen paige goes to see
fisk in person she hopes she can get a
rise out of him and maybe he'll attack
her on camera she reveals her secret
that it was her personally who killed
his best friend wesley that almost does
it but the fbi gets her out of there
first
sophist sends his evil daredevil
assassin after her he's gonna kill her
but oh the priest saves her no
then matt busts in and it's double
daredevil fight round two this time in a
church and it's still awesome and
hilarious that dex turns any mundane
object into a deadly weapon in the end
he beats mata again but this time it's
karen with the cross
oh off the balcony he comes back in his
fbi costume to arrest her but foggy got
the nypd here and the dean's like yo we
work for fisk you gotta take her so they
get her to safety but dex knows nadeema
trade him and he gets home just in time
to save his family matt's there to help
they take out the goons but he's like
you don't need daredevil right now you
need a lawyer so now nadeem's gonna
testify against fisk first they gotta
get him to the courthouse which is an
adventure in itself but they make it
there he goes on record and the day is
saved
except fiscal to the entire jury already
so this was all pointless so nadine just
goes back home hoping that if they kill
him at least his family will be safe now
with the full power of the federal
government on his side fisk legally
overturns his prior convictions he
doesn't have to pretend to be a prisoner
anymore and he's finally able to get
what he really wanted his girlfriend
vanessa back
but she doesn't like that he's trying to
shelter her from his work she's like yo
it's super obvious you're a crime boss
i'm okay with it i love you i want to be
a part of it so he takes her down to his
supervillain man cave and she's like oh
agent deems a problem you should have
him killed and that's
exactly what he does but they didn't
find his phone with the tearful farewell
to his family which also included his
dying testament giving up all the info
on fisk and apparently that's admissible
in court meanwhile matt's collecting
evidence his own way and he reveals the
big secret to dex that fisk killed julie
when dex finds out that's true as you
can imagine it sends him even further
off the deep end and so fiskan vanessa's
wedding night is ruined by nadeem's
video going viral
and it's crashed by a deranged evil
daredevil here to throw things at him
while he's distracting security mass
sneaks up to fisk's room ready for their
final showdown but pretty soon dex
arrives too and he's gonna kill vanessa
so matt has to stop him and it turns
into
an epic three-way fight fisk throwing
people around bullseye throwing
household objects finally fiska grabs
dex and oh
breaks his back he's down for the count
and now it's just him and matt who is
madder than ever
really letting the devil out this whole
time he was planning to kill fisk that's
the only way to put him down for good
but oh the catholic guilt matt just
can't bring himself to do it instead he
settles for a little trash talk
i beat you actually though he has an ace
up his sleeve he has evidence that
vanessa's the one who ordered the hit on
dean they make a deal as long as fisk
stays in prison he won't reveal that
vanessa will be free
and so wilson fisk the kingpin headed
back to jail the city protected by the
devil of hell's kitchen he should
probably get his costume back at some
point for his part ben poindexter is
paralyzed but they tease he gets a super
surgery so you know bullseye could be
back
but for now matt's decided he likes his
friends he's going to officially come
back to life they're going to restart
their old law firm nelson and murdock
and paige this time even though she's
not a lawyer and that's where daredevil
season 3 comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member